Last Test Objectives -- SESS, INPV, BUSL (#620)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/10-Business_Logic_Testing/03-Test_Integrity_Checks.md

Many systems include logging for auditing and troubleshooting purposes. But, how good/valid is the information in these logs? Can they be manipulated by attackers either intentionally or accidentally having their integrity destroyed?

## Test Objectives

- Review the project documentation for components of the system that move, store, or handle data.
- Determine what type of data is logically acceptable by the component and what types the system should guard against.

> - Determine who should be allowed to modify or read that data in each componenet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determine who should be allowed to modify or read that data in each component.
```

> - Attempt to insert, update, or edit delete the data values with invalid data into each component by users that should not be allowed per the business logic workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attempt to insert, update, or delete data values used by each component that should not be allowed per the business logic workflow.
```
